[subscriptions] Add note about dynamic subscriptions (#3598)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/subscription-methods.md

### Programmatic subscriptions

The dynamic programmatic approach returns the `routes` JSON structure within the code, unlike the declarative approach's `route` YAML structure. 

> > **Note:** Dynamic subscriptions are only read once during application start-up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Programmatic subscriptions are only read once during application start-up. You cannot _dynamically_ add new programmatic subscriptions, only at new ones at compile time.
```
